Docs: Add governor structure details (#238)
aragon/aragon-court: docs/2-architecture/readme.md

Any other modules functionality that needs to be restricted is either relying on these governor addresses as well, or on any of the other modules. 
No other external accounts apart from the `Governor` addresses belong to the protocol implementation.

As described in the [launch process](https://forum.aragon.org/t/aragon-network-launch-phases-and-target-dates/1263) of Aragon Court, the governor will be a DAO properly called Aragon Network DAO managed by ANT holders. 

> Initially, the Aragon Network DAO will be formed by a reduced council with a group trusted members from the community and will be transitioned to the ANT holders as at the end of the launch process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, the Aragon Network DAO will be governed by a small council with a group trusted members from the community and will be transitioned to the ANT holders as at the end of the launch process. 
```

> Initially, the Aragon Network DAO will be governed by a small council with a group trusted members from the community and will be transitioned to the ANT holders as at the end of the launch process. 

Reviewer 2: > "at the end of the launch process"
